This concludes our brief introduction
to some of the most influential
security attacks throughout history and
CISSP's eight security domains.
Let's review what we've discussed.
First, we covered viruses, including
the Brain virus and the Morris worm,
and discussed how these early forms of
malware shaped the security industry.
We also discussed how many attacks today
are variants of these early examples.
Understanding previous attacks is
critical for security professionals who
are working to protect organizations and
people from possible future variants.
We also discussed social engineering and
threat actor motives
by learning about the LoveLetter
attack and the Equifax data breach.
These incidents showed
the widespread impacts and
associated costs of more recent
security breaches in the digital age.
Finally, we introduced CISSP's eight
security domains and how they can be
used to categorize different areas of
focus within the security profession.
I hope you're feeling confident about
your foundational security knowledge!
Learning the history of security can allow
you to better understand the current
industry.
CISSP's eight security domains
provide a way to organize
the work of security professionals.
Remember, every security
professional is essential.
Your unique point of view, professional
background, and knowledge are valuable.
So, the diversity you bring
to the field will further
improve the security industry as you work
to keep organizations and people safe.